## VideoPoker User Instructions
### Launcher Screen
From this screen you make configurations for the game you would like to play. Two fields expect user input - "Credits" and "Credit Value". The number of credits you enter will be your purse to gamble with, betting one credit to a maximum of five. The game ends when you are out of credits. The "Credit Worth" field represents the monetary value of each credit. This has no functional purpose other than a representation of how much you would win or lose in a real game of video poker. Entering a value of zero for either of these will not allow you to play a hand. Click "Play!" and you will be prompted to select a game. 

### Game Screen
Once a game has been selected and your credits have been assigned you will be ready to bet and play. If you are unfamiliar with video poker, you can get information on how to play from the HELP button, although it is assumed you have a basic understanding of the rules of standard poker hands. From the options menu in the upper right corner of the screen you can select to view the paytable for a game you have selected. Also from this menu you can select to view credits in the currency worth you declared. This choice is stored as a shared user preference. Hand analysis and autoplay is not yet implemented. Select the MAIN button to return to the launcher screen and select different game options. If you change your mind, you can return to the game you're currently playing by using the Back button from the launcher screen but once you have begun a new game the previous game will be lost. Pressing the Back button from the Game screen will end the application.

### Paytable Screen
This screen displays the payouts for the game you have selected. If you would like to tweak the payout for a hand, click on the bet one value or the bet five value. The bet five value is the only value that may be set distinctly, otherwise payouts for other bets update automatically. If you would like to revert the game to its default payout settings, use the option menu in the upper right corner and select "Revert defaults". Press the back button in the upper left corner of the screen or the back button on your device to return to the game.